1. Game Objective:

The objective of the game is to conquer and control as many fields as possible on the game map.

2. Game Setup:

At the beginning of the game, you will be presented with a tile-based game map divided into a grid of fields.
Each field can be either empty, contain gold, or occupied by a townhall.
You will also see a left menu, a tilemap in the center, and a right menu on the screen.

3. Players:

The game can be played with multiple players, with a minimum of 2 players and a maximum of 16 players.
Each player will be assigned a unique color and starting position on the map.
The first player is the human player, and the rest are computer-controlled players.

4. Gameplay:

The game is played in turns, starting with the human player.
Each turn, you have a limited number of action points that can be used to perform actions.
Actions can include building structures or attacking other fields.
The available actions are displayed in the right menu, and you can select an action to perform.
Actions may require resources and have a cost in action points.
You can only perform actions on fields that are within your control.

5. Building Structures:

You can build structures such as mines, barracks, wooden walls, and stone walls on empty fields.
Structures provide various benefits, such as generating resources or defending your fields.
Different structures require different resources and have different effects.

6. Conquering Fields:

To conquer an enemy field, you can attack it using your units.
Fields can only be attacked if they are adjacent to your controlled fields.
When attacking, you can choose the target field and initiate the attack.
The outcome of the attack depends on the strength of your units and the defense of the target field.
If you successfully conquer a field, it will become under your control.

7. Townhalls:

Townhalls are special structures that represent your main base.
If all of your townhall are destroyed, you lose the game.
Protect your townhalls by building defensive structures and securing your surrounding fields.

8. Winning the Game:

The game continues until all players except one are eliminated.

9. Additional Features:

The game includes additional features such as fog of war and resource management.
Fog of war hides unexplored areas of the map, and you can uncover them by occupying more fields.
Gold needed to build structures, so manage them wisely.
Have Fun!

Enjoy the strategic gameplay, make smart decisions, and outwit your opponents to claim victory!